mini_book/_build/html/_sources/docs/optimization/definitions.md, before:

# Toolbox




## Books & References

- [The Elements of Statistical Learning](https://github.com/). This is my go-to refernce for deep learning questions
- [Deep Learning](https://github.com/). This is my go-to refernce for deep learning questions

---

## CNN - Deep learning

**Loading data**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Synthetic data**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Visualizing CNNs**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Logging**

-  [various-loggers](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Full examples**

- [YOLO](https://github.com/)  Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

- [RetinaNet](https://github.com/)  Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

- [FCN Autoencoder](https://github.com/)  Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles


----

## Utils

**Collecting image data**

- [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles
<br>

**Background subtraction**

- [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles
<br>

**Finding contours**

- [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles
<br>

**My drawing utils**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Dominant color analysis**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

<br>
<br>

Commit message:

added map alias to optimization

mini_book/_build/html/_sources/docs/optimization/definitions.md, after:

# Toolbox




## Books & References

- [The Elements of Statistical Learning](https://github.com/). This is my go-to refernce for deep learning questions
- [Deep Learning](https://github.com/). This is my go-to refernce for deep learning questions
- [Map](https://atlas.mindmup.com/jmhuer/optimization/index.html). Optimization mindmap to help understand the big picture

---

## CNN - Deep learning

**Loading data**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Synthetic data**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Visualizing CNNs**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Logging**

-  [various-loggers](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Full examples**

- [YOLO](https://github.com/)  Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

- [RetinaNet](https://github.com/)  Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

- [FCN Autoencoder](https://github.com/)  Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles


----

## Utils

**Collecting image data**

- [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles
<br>

**Background subtraction**

- [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles
<br>

**Finding contours**

- [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles
<br>

**My drawing utils**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

**Dominant color analysis**

-  [dataloaders&augmentations](https://github.com/) Project hosted on git useful to load and apply transforms to image data for various difrrent annotation styles

<br>
<br>
